This documents how we plan on using redis to solve our problems.

I. Things to keep track of
  A. votes
    i. Per user for changing votes and for when a user leaves the room
    i. Per song to compute the song average

  B. users
    i. Name
    ii. Votes so we can change easily
    iii. Room id

  C. rooms
    i. Name
    ii. Users
      a. Ids for sending messages etc
      b. Taken user names
    iii. Song queue

  D. songs
    i. Object returned from Spotify API (as a string)
    ii. Votes

  E. queues
    i. Songs coming up
    ii. Songs played


II. Proposed methods
   A. General
     i. Anywhere labelled 'id' will have an appropriate var in redis foo.next.id, incremented before usage
       a. Using int 'id's instead of sha1-ing things to generate an id since it seems easier, and have most likely have smaller keys
     ii.  We don't need to keep track of order of anything really except for songs in the queue
       a. Therefore can use sets instead of lists.  I don't think lists can do member searches, so this is doubly good.
       b. The queue should be a sorted set based on song avg vote values
         i. Can probably keep the queue up to date without straining system, since users won't frequently change votes...?
         ii. Most likely it'll be easier to just store integer number of total votes for a song rather than avg
           a. Only compute average when needed to display to user (possibly difficult race condition with users leaving since this needs two queries)
     iii. Rooms are id'd by name instead of id since the user will always be joining by name and o/w we'd need to look it up somehow

   B. votes
     i. vote:id:song.id         --> int song id
     ii. vote:id:value          --> int value \in 0-100

   C. users
     i. user:id:name            --> string
     ii. user:id:votes          --> set of vote ids
     iii. user:id:room.name     --> string room name the user's in

   D. rooms
     i. room:name:user.ids      --> set of user ids
     ii. room:name:queue.id     --> int queue id
     iii. room:name:user.names  --> set of user names in this room

   E. songs
     i. song:id:spotify.obj     --> stringified version of json object
     ii. song:id:votes          --> set of vote ids
     iii. song:id:vote.total    --> int value, sum of all votes

   F. queues
     i. queue:id:next.songs     --> sorted set of song ids based on songvotes
     ii. queue:id:prev.songs    --> list of song ids previously played songs
     iii. queue:id:cur.song     --> single song id 